* Reflection

*  was the toughest assignment for me this semesters. There were several factors that played into the failure of this assignment which I will elaborate on because I think it is important for me to relfect on my pitfalls. From the beginning of putting this into a 2D vector, I didn't feel comfortable. I know we went over the conceptual ideas in class, but when I got home and tried to program, it was difficult for me to know where to start. I knew how to create a vector of vectors, but I didn't know how to change these items or even how to approach it. Even worse, I didn't even know what questions to ask. I honestly felt really stupid even though I know this is not the case. The other factor that played into this assignment is I didn't work on it frequently enough, but I worked on it for long blocks of hours when I did. I spent more than 12 hours on this assignment, and I don't have the results to show that effort. Even worse, I was trying to go back to my previous versions, and the commits only took place locally, so I'm not sure where my old versions are located. I also sought out help from the tutors but I felt I became very dependent on them because I just couldn't wrap my head around swapping pixels. This assignment left me feeling frustrated, and I definatley cried more than a few times. At one point in my code, my vector of pixels were being read in correctly, but something is strage with my open function or the way my pixels are being read in because I can't get the picutre to come out straight. 

* Finding the positive in this assingment is tough because it is not complete, I let my anxiety get the best of me. I learned that I need to keep it simple. I was way to enthusastic with trying to implement new concepts. I don't have much confidence at this point with programming, but I do hope that changes over time. 